README.md, before:

# SwiftGraphVisualization

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/SwiftGraphVisualization.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/SwiftGraphVisualization)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/SwiftGraphVisualization.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/SwiftGraphVisualization)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/SwiftGraphVisualization.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/SwiftGraphVisualization)

## Example

To run the example project, clone the repo, and run `pod install` from the Example directory first.

![Example](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/VAndrJ/SwiftGraphVisualization/master/Resources/example.gif)

## Requirements

iOS 13
Swift 5.9

## Installation

SwiftGraphVisualization is available through [CocoaPods](https://cocoapods.org). To install
it, simply add the following line to your Podfile:

```ruby
pod 'SwiftGraphVisualization'
```

## Author

VAndrJ, vandrjios@gmail.com

## License

SwiftGraphVisualization is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.

Commit message:

Lines configuration. Package. (#2)
* [core] Graph path configuration.

* [example] Graph path configuration.

* [core] Lines configuration.

* [example] Lines configuration.

* [core] Package.swift.

* [readme] SPM.

README.md, after:

# SwiftGraphVisualization

[![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/SwiftGraphVisualization.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/SwiftGraphVisualization)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/SwiftGraphVisualization.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/SwiftGraphVisualization)



[![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/SwiftGraphVisualization.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/SwiftGraphVisualization)
[![SPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/SPM-compatible-limegreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/apple/swift-package-manager)
&nbsp;[![Language](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-Swift-orangered.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/SwiftGraphVisualization)

## Example

To run the example project, clone the repo, and run `pod install` from the Example directory first.

![Example](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/VAndrJ/SwiftGraphVisualization/master/Resources/example.gif)

## Requirements

iOS 13
Swift 5.9

## Installation

SwiftGraphVisualization is available through [CocoaPods](https://cocoapods.org). To install
it, simply add the following line to your Podfile:

```ruby
pod 'SwiftGraphVisualization'
```


SwiftGraphVisualization is available through [SPM](https://github.com/apple/swift-package-manager). To install
it, simply add to your Package Dependencies:

```
https://github.com/VAndrJ/SwiftGraphVisualization.git
```

## Author

VAndrJ, vandrjios@gmail.com

## License

SwiftGraphVisualization is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.
